THE HUSBAND
PRODUCTION SUPPORTED BY:
KOREA COMMUNICATIONS DEVELOPMENT FUND
KOREA BROADCASTING MEDIA COMMUNICATIONS COMMITTEE AND
COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
KOREA COMMUNICATIONS AGENCY
THIS SERIES IS FICTITIOUS
CHILDREN WERE FILMED SAFELY
GEN AI WAS USED IN SELECT SCENES
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
We'd better hurry.
We're almost there. Come on!
I made it.
Come on!
You all right?
Yeah. I'm good!
What do you think?
Mmm. It's nice.
I'm glad we came.
So far. a damaged spinal cord
has been deemed
almost impossible to treat.
And Woori Together Medical Center
was the first institution in the world
to attempt merging
3D bio-printing technology
and stem cell therapy
to restore a damaged spinal cord.
After three years of clinical trials
with 32 patients
who had complete spinal cord injuries.
approximately 80% showed
signs of sensory recovery.
and over 60% showed
limited but voluntary movement.
- Yes. keep going.
- Just one more time.
You got to keep moving.
That's it. Yes. well done.
Here. a patient who was
completely paralyzed for the past…
…ten years is moving his toes.
We have a long way to go
until they can walk again.
However. we have seen
undeniable potential.
And I'd like to thank Dr. Kang Taeju.
Director of Woori Together Medical Center.
for showing us the way.
Dr. Kang. please share a few words.
I'm sorry. Dr. Ko.
I've been paged to the OR
for an emergency.
Please excuse me.
I'm sorry.
Every second counts
for an emergency patient.
We hope you understand.
But while Dr. Kang is away.
Dr. Ko will give you a more
in-depth explanation of this project.
Please give him a big hand.
DOUBLE-CHECK CONSENT!
SURGICAL CONSENT.
BLOOD TRANSFUSION CONSENT.
AND PCA CONSENT
Freer.
WOORI TOGETHER MEDICAL CENTER
…we can.
Hello.
How are you. sir?
Good to see you.
I've just wrapped up the event.
Okay. Good work.
So. how are you feeling today?
Are you doing all right?
Hmm. I'm not all right at all.
Oh… Is something bothering you?
I'm starting to see things.
He means he's hungry.
What?
This fasting thing is killing me.
Just think of it as a long nap.
The surgery will be over in no time.
Isn't that right. Ms. Ko?
Of course.
Dr. Kang is number one
in the field of spinal cord microsurgery.
We'll begin
Chairman Kim Manseong's
spinal stenosis surgery in 30 minutes.
Yes. Doctor.
- Please. I'm begging you!
- Calm down. ma'am!
Please help my husband!
- All right. Could you please wait…
- Just…
At least let a doctor see him!
We still need you to calm down.
What's going on over there?
She's screaming
that her husband needs surgery.
- Is it an emergency?
- Yeah.
But all the surgeons on call
are in surgery right now.
so we told her she has to wait.
but it's no use.
She says she'll kill herself right here
and now if he can't get surgery.
Geez.
Please help my husband!
Yes. we understand.
but no one can operate on him right now.
So please stop blocking the way
and wait outside.
Every hospital we've been to
said the same thing!
If he doesn't get help. he's going to die!
This isn't going to change anything.
Hey. get them out of here.
- No. please…
- Come on.
- Let's go.
- Please! No!
Sir!
Please! Stop! Don't do this!
Hold on.
Dr. Kang.
What seems to be the problem?
His back. hips. and legs all hurt so bad
that he can't even walk properly.
He can't go to the bathroom.
and he can't tell if he needs to go.
Sir. we're going to try
pointing your toes up. okay?
You can't move it. can you?
I can't do it.
When did this start?
He was moving the table yesterday.
and he suddenly said his back hurt.
He's been like this since.
Around what time?
It was right after breakfast. so 9 a.m.
- Wait a minute.
- Ms. Ko.
- What's going on?
- Well…
Did you get the MRI yet?
- We should have it any minute now.
- Do we have an OR?
OR Three. Anesthesia is almost here. too.
Dr. Kang.
We need to talk.
Not now. sorry.
You can't change the surgery schedule
for a VIP patient as you wish.
This will put us in a tight spot.
Did you even think about that?
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
I'm sick of hearing that.
You got anything else?
He's got cauda equina.
If he doesn't get surgery now.
he'll have to live with a disability.
CAUDA EQUINA SYNDROME: LEG PARALYSIS
AND BLADDER/BOWL DYSFUNCTION
CAUSED BY COMPRESSION OF NERVES
AT THE END OF THE SPINAL CORD
This hospital has a schedule to stick to.
You'll do Chairman Kim's surgery first.
Chairman Kim's is a simple procedure.
This man's out of time.
He may never walk again.
Here we go again.
There's always something more important.
Something more urgent.
- Let's go.
- Yes. Doctor.
Okay. let's verify the patient's identity.
Park Yeongjun. 42-year-old male.
It's an emergency decompression
for cauda equina.
Going in for a laminectomy.
Anesthesia. any issues?
- All clear.
- Okay. we're going up. Blade.
Dr. Kang. Stop this at once.
Dr. Ko. you can't be in here.
You know better than anyone that the OR
is a restricted zone during a procedure.
You haven't even made an incision yet!
Put this on hold.
and stick to the original schedule.
This patient is critical.
It’s an emergency cauda equina case.
Don't you hear me?
I don't give a damn what it is!
You're putting
the entire hospital at risk!
Do you have any idea how much Chairman Kim
has poured into this facility?
Stop this procedure
and get Chairman Kim on the table first.
Now!
- Please get out.
- What?
I said. please get out of here.
What did you say?
I said. get the hell out of here!
Yes?
Wait. what?
Did you not hear me?
Get out of here right now!
Please leave. Right now.
Dr. Kang. I think you're out of line.
This is my OR.
Please leave.
This is what I get
for letting you into my family.
All right. let's resume.
Blade.
THE HUSBAND
SATURDAY. FEBRUARY 7
ALARM
Do you want some coffee? I just made it.
I had no choice yesterday.
That man was running out of time.
Plus. Chairman Kim's surgery went well.
All's well that ends well. huh?
Is that what you're saying?
All right. I'm sorry
I didn't stick to the schedule.
But it was only delayed by an hour. so…
Only an hour?
He's not just another VIP.
He's the chairman
of our biggest corporate sponsor.
Seyun. it was an emergency patient.
I had no choice.
Had we not operated on him.
he would never have walked again.
Our hospital has
a very specific set of rules.
And you completely ignored it.
Are those the hospital's rules.
or you and your dad's rules?
What?
Nothing.
I'll apologize to your dad
and Chairman Kim personally.
Yeah. you do that.
Father. I was out of line yesterday.
I'm really sorry.
That was really something. you know that?
"Get out of my OR"?
I get that we're both
technically directors here.
WOORI TOGETHER MEDICAL CENTER
DIRECTOR KO DONGCHAN
But you assume we're equals?
Is that what you think?
I built this hospital from the ground up.
just to be kicked out
by my own son-in-law!
You see. with an emergency at hand.
I wasn't thinking clearly.
I'm really sorry.
And the press briefing?
Do you have any idea
what they were all saying after you left?
how Seyun had to clean up that mess?
And Chairman Kim was so furious
that he refused our treatment.
So she barely managed
to convince him into…
I promise it'll never happen again.
I'm sorry.
Is that right?
It must be nice being you.
You go around
making a mess left and right.
and Seyun does all the cleanup.
I'm really sorry. Father.
Get out.
I can't even stand seeing you right now!
Dr. Kang must've gotten
an earful from Dr. Ko.
He looks totally deflated.
What's with him these days?
He never used to butt heads
with Dr. Ko like that.
Beats me.
It was just a matter of time.
Knowing him.
I'd say this was bound to happen.
Then you should've done
something beforehand. Dr. Choi.
- Yeah. exactly.
- What was I supposed to do?
You think he'd listen to me?
We have to walk on eggshells
when he gets like that.
Dr. Cha.
Would you like some coffee?
Maybe later.
- Are you going somewhere?
- Yeah.
For an off-site meeting.
Thank you.
For what?
Your dad told me.
About the press briefing
and the situation with Chairman Kim.
You covered for me.
I was just doing my job
as the board director.
Yeah. I know. It's just good to know
you might still be on my side.
Don't think I did all that for you.
I can't let this hospital
end up like us. can I?
Vitals are dropping.
Give me an amp of epi.
The patient is flatlining.
Keep compressing.
Please. no…
Get the crash cart in here!
Hey. Dr. Kang…
STAIRWELL
FIRE DOOR. KEEP CLOSED
DO NOT PLACE OBJECTS
NEAR FIRE DOOR
I knew you'd be here.
Hey. what's up?
Do you want coffee?
No. I'm fine.
And you should lay off
the instant coffee. Doc.
It's pure sugar. this thing.
Got yourself a cozy little cave here. huh?
What the… The lock still doesn't work.
I told them this is a major security risk.
Geez.
You know. I was surprised.
In the OR. I mean.
I've known you since med school.
but I'd never seen that side of you.
Are you doing all right?
I know it's been rough.
Father-in-law-slash-boss. wife-slash-boss…
Which is harder?
Both pretty hard.
I take it things
are still not so great at home?
How long will you keep this up for?
The tension will make you both wither.
Tell me about it.
Try having a real conversation.
Okay. so how do you have this
"real conversation"?
What do you mean how?
You just be honest with each other.
And what if that makes things worse?
What do you have to lose?
You're already at rock bottom.
Trust me.
there are levels beneath rock bottom.
You still have to do something.
Because if you don't. your marriage…
It'll really be over.
Hey. you're home.
I thought I'd make us dinner.
Let's eat together.
Remember that pajeon place
at the foot of Bukhansan?
You used to love that place.
You sure had a big appetite
for such a tiny girl.
I did my best.
but I don't know if it's as good.
I got some makgeolli too.
I know it's your favorite.
Have a seat.
Man. I don't know why makgeolli
tasted so good back then.
I've already eaten.
Oh. Really?
Well. why don't
we just have a drink. then?
I don't feel like drinking.
Wait. Seyun.
I made it just for you.
Just sit with me for a while.
I said I don't want to.
I'm just asking you to sit with me.
Is that so hard?
Did you change your mind?
I'll pour you one.
It's fine. I got it.
I just want to do
something for you for once.
- I said. it's fine.
- Come on. just let me…
I said I'd do it myself!
I told you I'd do it.
What is wrong with…
I'm sorry.
But does this make you that mad?
This is why our marriage isn't working.
Even the smallest things turn into a mess
when we're together.
I'll fix this up.
It's just like our marriage.
Shattered to pieces.
You'll fix it? What's broken is broken.
You can glue it together.
but it'll never be whole again.
Are you really going to be like this?
You always do this.
It's always. "It's okay. we'll try again."
As if nothing ever happened.
What do you want from me?
What do you want me to do?
Tell me. I'm all ears.
Because I honestly don't know
what more I can do.
So just keep on living
like you always have.
That's the only thing you know how to do.
I'm going to fix it up. okay?
Just throw it away.
Seyun.
What?
Let's put an end to this.
I want a divorce.
I'm not getting divorced.
What?
You said no glue
can put it together. just like us.
We're never going to be whole again.
So why don't you want to get divorced?
Because it's what you want.
That's why you want to stay together?
I don't want to give you
anything you want.
I've made myself clear.
Let's get divorced.
Well. try if you can.
Guess you might get your wish
if one of us dies.
CELEBRATING THE SUCCESS
OF ARTIFICIAL SPINAL CORD TRANSPLANT
CLINICAL TRIAL
What? Divorce? Are you serious?
Yeah.
You sure you gave this enough thought?
Do you have any money saved up?
Are you going to start your own clinic?
I don't know.
How much do you have?
Around 80 million won.
You can't even get
an MRI scanner with that.
Maybe a used X-ray machine at best.
Then again. it's probably better
than being half a director
under your father-in-law.
Why don't you go find a salaried gig?
You could rake in money off
physical therapy
in a well-insured neighborhood.
Or give people Botox
at a plastic surgery clinic.
I need to go talk to Dr. Ha over there.
- We'll talk later.
- All right.
- See you.
- Yeah.
Uh… We finally showed
the world the fruit
of all efforts we put in
throughout the past few years.
And I'd like to thank each and every one
of you at Woori Together Medical Clinic.
Let us celebrate this moment with a toast.
Cheers!
- Cheers!
Congratulations. Dr. Kang.
Incredible work. sir.
Thanks.
Hey. Taeju.
Hey.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
I know you worked really hard.
- I'm glad it worked out.
- Yeah.
- Talk to you later.
Congratulations.
Your precious little project
became a huge success.
This calls for a toast.
What is it?
You don't even want a toast with me?
You don't want a toast
with a wife you want to divorce?
What are you doing?
This is not the place for this.
Was it supposed to be a secret?
I'm going to go. okay?
Another emergency?
Yeah.
You should go. then.
See you.
SEOKGI CHUEOTANG
- All right. here's your credit card.
- Thank you.
- See you again.
- Yeah.
Taeyeong.
Oh! What are you doing here?
Mom. I'm here.
Oh my. is that my baby?
Hey. Taeju.
Why didn't you give us a call?
I was just passing by.
and I wanted to see you. Mom.
Well. have you had dinner yet?
No. not yet.
Let me get a bowl of chueotang. Mom.
- Wait right here. okay?
- Okay.
You totally caught me off guard.
Taeju. take these home.
What's all this?
Well. I made some spicy anchovies
and pickled cucumbers.
And these are braised lotus roots
and black beans.
They're all Seyun's favorites.
Take them home and eat with her. okay?
Oh. wow. When did you
prepare all this. Mom?
But Mom. this is too much food.
I mean. we still have food
you gave us last time.
Oh. no. It's not even that much.
I just used big containers.
Seyun must be so busy these days.
She hasn't even been able to stop by.
Make sure she eats
home-cooked meals when she's at home.
But honestly. Seyun and I
rarely eat at home. so it's fine.
If you don't want it. I'm taking it.
What's wrong with you?
Don't take your little brother's stuff.
Just take it. all right?
Make sure you take good care of Seyun.
You need some home-cooked food
to keep you going.
Okay?
Taeyeong.
I'm really getting a divorce.
Get it together.
Mom may never say it out loud.
but you're basically her whole life.
You used to throw a fit. saying
you could never live without your wife.
And now you can't stand living with her?
Look. Sometimes there are ups.
and sometimes there are downs.
Marriage can be more volatile
than the stock market.
That's just how it is.
I know. I do.
But it's not like I haven't tried
to make it work. and I don't…
I don't know how it came to this.
Trying isn't enough.
You're sprinting to the left
when you should be going to the right.
You'll just keep drifting away.
Exactly.
That's exactly what I'm trying to say.
Honestly. I have no idea
what Seyun really wants.
I'm done. I'm over it.
I'm done trying just to be chewed out.
I want to stop trying too.
Let me tell you something about marriage.
Even if you fight all the time.
you must stick together
to find the right path.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 9
Thank you for calling Olbareun.
the number one call service.
Would you like to request a driver?
Yeah. I'm at the Uil-dong Intersection.
Sir. did you call for a driver?
Yeah. I did. Please take the wheel.
I feel like I made the call a second ago.
You got here so quickly.
Well. I just happened to be in the area.
so I got here fast.
Well. thank you.
I guess today's just my lucky day.
This isn't your room.
Get out.
This is my room. so get out.
My head.
What's with all these notifications?
MESSAGES
MISSED CALL
HI. I'M YOUR DESIGNATED DRIVER
PLEASE REPLY WHEN YOU SEE THIS!
What the hell is this?
UNKNOWN NUMBER
DECLINE
Yes. hello?
Hello?
- What the hell?
- Mr. Kang Taeju?
Yes. speaking. Who's this?
I'm the driver
who drove you to your house.
Oh. yeah. Last night?
Well. early this morning. sir.
Oh. yes. So what's this about?
I just wanted to ask
when you could pay me.
Did I not pay you for the service?
Sorry about that.
If you could text me
your bank account number.
I'll wire it to you right away.
Actually. I'm not
talking about that money.
I beg your pardon?
- Your wife.
- My wife?
Remember the job you asked me to do?
I asked you to do something?
Do you not remember?
No. I don't remember
anything of that sort.
Why is this prick playing dumb?
What did you just call me?
"Prick"?
Listen.
You better watch your mouth.
- I said listen.
- You listen.
If you don't apologize now.
I'm calling the cops.
Mr. Kang Taeju!
Don't be like this all of a sudden.
You're making me real sad.
I thought we were on the same page.
but if you keep playing dumb--
- Okay. I'm hanging up.
- It's making me so sad.
What is this nutjob…
Hey. Dr. Kang! Hey!
What happened to your wife?
What do you mean?
She didn't show up to golf today.
Seyun stood people up?
God. do you know
what a tight spot she put me in?
She begged me to set up the round
with the association president.
and she flaked on me without a word.
Just unbelievable…
Your wife.
Remember the job you asked me to do?
Why is this prick playing dumb?
Chiung. Let's talk later. okay?
Okay.
Hey. what's going on?
Why did you stand up Chiung?
Mr. Kang.
How could you hang up on me like that?
I was talking.
Who's this?
It's me. the driver from earlier.
I see.
So why do you have my wife's phone?
I can't believe you.
What… What the hell do you want?
Where's my wife? Put her on the phone.
You're making me so sad…
I think I'm going to tear up.
Put my wife on the phone right now!
UNKNOWN NUMBER
Anyway. that being said…
I want you to get rid of my wife.
What did you say?
I'll pay you. okay?
I'll pay you 300… No.
I'll pay you 500 million won. so please.
So you want me to get rid of your wife?
Yeah.
UNKNOWN NUMBER
Did you see the picture and the video?
Yes. I did.
But my wife…
You didn't…
It's not what I think. right?
Unfortunately…
Your wife is
still alive.
But I'll take care of her
as soon as you send me the money.
so don't worry about it.
Hold on a minute. sir. It's just…
Why are you doing this to us?
I could ask you the same thing!
Why are you doing this?
You can't put me up to something
and pretend you don't remember!
Look. I never put you up to…
I don't know
what you're talking about. okay?
You're only making things
more difficult. boss.
And this video. Is that even me?
This has to be fake.
Is that what you think?
No. I mean…
Listen. I may have said
some things I didn't mean
because I was drunk.
but you shouldn't have taken it seriously.
And?
Please let my wife go. I'm begging you.
Sir.
First. you want me to kill her.
and now you want me to let her live?
Yes. please don't kill her.
If you just let her go.
I won't tell a soul about what happened.
Here's the thing. boss.
I hate it when people
make things complicated.
People who don't keep their promises?
I just can't stand them.
I'm going to ask you one last time.
so really think before you answer.
Do you want your wife dead or alive?
I want her to live. Let her live. Please.
All right. then.
I'll let it slide this time…
…but don't let this happen again.
Yes. of course.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
But you know
there'll be extra charges. right?
You changed the options.
What options?
It's 500 million to kill your wife.
and 1 billion won to let her live.
You have three hours.
What?
If I don't get my one billion won
in three hours. consider your wife dead.
And if you go to the cops
or ignore my calls. she's dead.
Hold on. three hours is too--
Now. you won't be able
to reach your wife's phone.
It's 10:25 a.m. right now.
and I'll be in touch in three hours.
And. boss?
Don't disappoint me anymore.
Hello?
WOORI TOGETHER MEDICAL CENTER
I want you to get rid of my wife.
I'll pay you. okay?
I'll pay you 300… No.
I'll pay you 500 million won. so please.
So you want me to get rid of your wife?
Yeah.
Thank you for calling Olbareun.
the number one call service.
Yeah. I'm at the Uil-dong Intersection.
Yeah. I did. Please take the wheel.
I definitely saw his face.
But I don't remember it.
CALLING
- Hello?
Is this the driver
who drove me home last night?
Oh. Uil-dong Intersection?
Why didn't you answer your phone?
Nobody was there when I got there.
Thank you for calling Olbareun.
the number one call service.
Would you like to request a driver?
Hi. I'm looking for the driver
who drove me home last night.
And you called from this number. correct?
- Yeah.
- Just a moment.
It seems like this request was canceled
because the driver couldn't reach you.
No. I definitely used
your service last night.
According to our records.
your designated driver called you
three times at 1:47 a.m. this morning
but gave up and accepted another customer.
What? I didn't pick up?
It looks like you called
for another driver too.
Please contact the other service provider.
I… Wait.
SEONGJIN POLICE STATION
INCOMING VIDEO CALL
UNKNOWN NUMBER
Seyun.
What are you… What the hell are you doing?
Honey.
No! Stop it! No!
Sir. what are you doing?
Please! Please don't do that!
Please pull her up! Please. sir!
Seyun…
Are you out of your mind?
What the hell are you doing?
You're the one who broke the deal
and tried to go to the cops.
Did you think I wouldn't know?
Why do you keep
disappointing me like this?
I'm sorry. sir.
You should be thanking me right now.
Your wife could have died.
and I stopped that.
Right.
There's only so much
a person can tolerate.
And I've reached my limit.
I'm very sorry. sir.
It looks like I gave you too much time.
Let me fix that so you don't get
any more stupid ideas.
What?
You have one hour to get my one billion.
Sir. one hour is far too short.
I said what I said.
CALL ENDED
Hello? Hello…
CALLING
FATHER-IN-LAW
The number you dialed is not available…
HOSPITAL FRONT DESK
Woori Together Medical Center.
How may I help you?
Hi. it's Kang Taeju here.
Is Dr. Ko at the hospital right now?
Dr. Ko is currently in surgery.
The number you dialed is not available…
CALLING
MOTHER-IN-LAW
MODU BANK
- Dr. Kang. long time no see.
- Hi.
So. how have you been?
Actually. I need
to take out a loan urgently.
Okay.
How much are you looking to take out?
Well. I'd like to withdraw
all 80 million from my account.
and I need an additional 920 million.
Did you say 920 million won?
Yeah. and…
Could I get it within 50 minutes?
I'm sorry. but even for our VIP clients.
it'll take at least two weeks
for the papers to be approved.
You probably couldn't even take out
a private loan that big on the same day.
RECENT CALLS
STOP BEFORE CROSSING
STOP
TRAIN APPROACHING
TRAIN PASSING
STOP
INCOMING VIDEO CALL
UNKNOWN NUMBER
Hello?
Hey. boss.
It's almost time.
Is my wife okay?
She's fine for now.
And my one billion won?
Yeah. I have it.
Let me see it.
Each contains 500 million.
One billion in total.
I wouldn't expect any less
from a director at a hospital.
I mean. honestly. most people could
never even see a billion won in cash.
Where do I take it?
I forgot to tell you that.
Come to 43-87. Sajiro-gil.
Be here within 30 minutes.
and you have to come alone.
You know that's the only way
to save your wife. right?
I'll be waiting.
Up ahead. turn right.
Entering school zone.
Please drive carefully.
SCHOOL ZONE
In 400 meters. keep straight.
Turn left.
In 300 meters. keep straight.
Up ahead. turn right.
Take the slight left into the alley.
Then. turn left.
Continue straight to 43. Sajiro-gil.
Please drive safely.
Up ahead. turn left.
Hey. are you okay?
Hey! Can you hear me?
Let me call an ambulance.
Just hang in there.
Hey. my…
Yes?
My one billion won…
What was that?
Did you bring my billion won?
What? I can't hear you.
Can you speak up a little?
I said. did you bring my billion won?
THE HUSBAND
You know where Ms. Ko is. don't you?
I'm going to your wife now.
There's no time to be screwing around!
This guy is a psycho!
My wife's in danger!
Let me out of here!
Who are you? What do you want?
If you disappoint me
with another dumb stunt.
you will pay for it dearly.
I can actually get you the money you want.
I promise. I swear.
You can have this
on top of the original two billion.
- Just because you're rich…
- Honey!
You think you can mock me?
What happened to your wife is all on you.
Translated by Hyun Sik Yoon
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app